# CSS-Tutorial

This is my review of the of the CSS blending article that I found on the internet entitled "Basics of CSS Blend Modes". The article is located at https://css-tricks.com/basics-css-blend-modes.

    I found the article to be informative and yet it was confusing at times. I feel like that just assumed that because you are interested in the article you must know how to work with HTML and CSS fluently. I did like the article though and found the blending of colors and pictures or other things to be very interesting. I think they did an ok job of trying to talk someone through the process but it wasn't nearly as in-depth as I would have like it to be to understand it more quickly. Overall I did think it was a good article and would recommend it to someone who might have interest in such a thing.
    I applied what I learned from the article into a CSS page and tried to create a simple design to demonstrate it but had a difficult time. I found it rather difficult to understand what they were doing at times in the article and examples. They had some techniques in there that were over my head as far as what we have learned so far. If I ran into a difficult area I would try to cross reference it with a different site to help me navigate my way through it. I finally got everything working the way I was trying to with a lot of trial and error and a lot of frustration but in the end I think it turned out the way I wanted it to look to demonstrate what I had discovered. I found the experience to be rather an eye-opening experience as far as seeing the continued growth of CSS.